Add lifecycle to baremetal doc (#5388)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/production-environment/baremetal-getstarted.md

         # --hardware-csv <hardware.csv> \ # uncomment to add more hardware
         # --bundles-override ./eks-anywhere-downloads/bundle-release.yaml \ # uncomment for airgapped install
         --kubeconfig mgmt/mgmt-eks-a-cluster.kubeconfig
     ```
     As noted earlier, adding the `--kubeconfig` option tells `eksctl` to use the management cluster identified by that kubeconfig file to create a different workload cluster.

   * kubectl CLI: The cluster lifecycle feature lets you use kubectl to talks to the Kubernetes API to create a workload cluster. To use kubectl, run:
      ```bash
      kubectl apply -f eksa-w01-cluster.yaml --kubeconfig mgmt/mgmt-eks-a-cluster.kubeconfig
      ```
   * **GitOps**: See [Manage separate workload clusters with GitOps]({{< relref "../../tasks/cluster/cluster-flux.md#manage-separate-workload-clusters-using-gitops" >}})

   * **Terraform**: See [Manage separate workload clusters with Terraform]({{< relref "../../tasks/cluster/cluster-terraform.md#manage-separate-workload-clusters-using-terraform" >}})

     >**NOTE**:For kubectl, GitOps and Terraform:

>      > * Please don't perform scaling and k8s version change at the same request, as the request will be rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > * The baremetal controller does not support scaling upgrades and Kubernetes version upgrades in the same request.
```

>      > * You can't add additional hardware and create workload cluster at the same time. To add more hardware, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > * While creating a new workload cluster if you need to add additional machines for the target Baremetal workload cluster, run:
```

   * The workload cluster YAML file
   * The initial cluster's credentials (this causes the workload cluster to be managed from the management cluster)

   Create a workload cluster in one of the following ways:
   * eksctl CLI: To create a workload cluster with eksctl, run:

>      ##### With hardware CSV

Reviewer 2: How about we kill two birds with one stone? Drop the "With hardware CSV and without hardware CSV" and have one example like this:

```
eksctl anywhere create cluster \
    -f eksa-w01-cluster.yaml  \
    # --hardware-csv <hardware.csv>  \ # uncomment to add more hardware
    # --install-packages packages.yaml \ # uncomment to install curated packages at cluster creation
    # --bundles-override ./eks-anywhere-downloads/bundle-release.yaml \ # uncomment for airgapped install
    --kubeconfig mgmt/mgmt-eks-a-cluster.kubeconfig
```

     ```bash
     eksctl anywhere create cluster \
         -f eksa-w01-cluster.yaml  \
         # --install-packages packages.yaml \ # uncomment to install curated packages at cluster creation
         --hardware-csv <hardware.csv>
         # --bundles-override ./eks-anywhere-downloads/bundle-release.yaml \ # uncomment for airgapped install
         --kubeconfig mgmt/mgmt-eks-a-cluster.kubeconfig
     ```
     ##### Without hardware CSV
     ```bash
     eksctl anywhere create cluster \
         -f eksa-w01-cluster.yaml  \
         # --install-packages packages.yaml \ # uncomment to install curated packages at cluster creation
         # --bundles-override ./eks-anywhere-downloads/bundle-release.yaml \ # uncomment for airgapped install
         --kubeconfig mgmt/mgmt-eks-a-cluster.kubeconfig
     ```
   * kubectl CLI: The cluster lifecycle feature lets you use kubectl to talks to the Kubernetes API to create a workload cluster. To use kubectl, run:
      ```bash
      kubectl apply -f eksa-w01-cluster.yaml --kubeconfig mgmt/mgmt-eks-a-cluster.kubeconfig
      ```

>      As noted earlier, adding the `--kubeconfig` option tells `eksctl` to use the management cluster identified by that kubeconfig file to create a different workload cluster.

Reviewer: This should be moved above, before the kubectl section.

   * **GitOps**: See [Manage separate workload clusters with GitOps]({{< relref "../../tasks/cluster/cluster-flux.md#manage-separate-workload-clusters-using-gitops" >}})

   * **Terraform**: See [Manage separate workload clusters with Terraform]({{< relref "../../tasks/cluster/cluster-terraform.md#manage-separate-workload-clusters-using-terraform" >}})

     >**NOTE**:For kubectl, GitOps and Terraform:
     > 

>      > You can't add additional hardware when creating workload cluster.    

Reviewer: We should not say users can't add additional hardware. Here we need to specify the steps to add the hardware manifests they can create using `eksctl anywhere generate hardware -z hardware.csv > hardware.yaml`. Once they have these manifests, they can apply the hardware.yaml to the mgmt cluster using `kubectl apply -f hardware.yaml`.
